a I'm quickly going to do a modern
warfare 2 on the 5970 I'd show you the
case box and get my little intro but I
don't have one watch s600 and hold on 78
852 frames per second then this spot
where is I should be pretty fucking
difficult it's kind of annoying me now
you've been trying to get through this
and like I keep dying so i just decided
I'll just fucking add this to my review
list ooh standing in the corner with a
bad idea because now they're all
converging on to me
I'm not really going to talk i'm just
going to show you the frames in corner
this is hard as shit fucking people
in the worst part about this area is
there's a lot of civilians running
around let's raise the deal with my
fucking terrace really difficult
as you can see the frames up in the
corner very rarely does it dip low 100
200 300 302
oh fuck your ass I hit II oh my god
what they're everywhere
fucking time that was ridiculous I know
someone's gonna be like oh you're a noob
you know how to play global blonde easy
part well enjoy sitting in front of Call
of Duty for 20 hours of the day sleeping
before and then going back to playing
just that's way cooler than doing
anything else
hey wait I think that's enough of a
benchmark you could see that I was
getting fairly good friends that's call
of duty 700 or whatever one it is modern
warfare two on the radeon HD 5970 nice
rod